re organized content in the "Install Ballerina" section (#1397)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-www: website/two-column-pages/docs/learn/quick-tour.md

## Install Ballerina

> 1. [Download](https://ballerina.io/downloads) Ballerina for your OS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Download](https://ballerina.io/downloads) Ballerina based on the Operating System you are using. 
```

> 1. Follow the instructions given on the [Getting Started](/learn/getting-started) page to set it up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Install] (https://ballerina.io/learn/getting-started/) Ballerina to set it up. 
```
